All right, let's get to it.
Let's build out this signing thing.
The first thing we'll do is build out that payload.
So again, this will be a plane object that has the ID of our user.
We can just make up an ID right here.
Doesn't really matter.
And then put in some fake email as well.
So I'll put in something like test at test.
After that, we're going to take that payload and create a JSON web token.
Using this as the payload.
To create the JSON Web token, we have to make use of that JWT library.
Let's import that at the top of this file.
Up here, I'm going to import JWT from JSON web token.
You might recall on the JWT library there is that sign method.
The sign method is how we actually create a JSON web token.
When we call sign, we have to provide the JSON web token key and that is our key right there.
So we'll reference process and V JWT underscore key.
So I'll say token is JWT sign.
We're going to pass in the payload as the first argument and the second will be our process and v jwt
key.
Once again, TypeScript says, Hey, you can't just reference this variable.
It might be undefined.
Well, we know that we've already defined it because we will have executed DB for all function earlier
on.
So we are pretty darn sure this thing will be defined.
So I'm going to once again add in that exclamation to say, Hey, TypeScript, just don't sweat it,
please.
Okay.
Well, then take that token and build it into our session object.
We'll say session is JWT token.
Now we're going to turn that thing into JSON.
So let's call this.
How about session json and I'll be json string ify.
Session.
Now, here's kind of the hard part.
We have to take that thing and encode it as base 64.
So how do we turn a string into base 64 in Node.js?
Well, a little bit of complicated stuff.
It's not really that complicated.
Here's what we're going to do.
Let's say base 64 is buffered from we'll pass in that session JSON and then to string.
Base 64.
That's pretty much it.
That's how we take a string and turn it into base 64 encoded string in Node.
And then finally we're going to take that whole base 64 encoded thing right there and make sure that
we return it.
And that same kind of template we just saw back over inside of our Chrome developer console.
So we need to make sure we have express colon ssh equals and then the entire encoded session.
So we will return.
A template string.
Make sure you got those back.
Tix express express colon ssh equals.
And then.
Base 64.
And that's pretty much it.
So not that bad.
Now, if you want to, I would encourage you to go back.
You can remove these comments and you can definitely refactor all this stuff down to like two or three
lines of code or really two or three expressions or so.
If you want to do that, certainly feel free to do so.
Otherwise.
There is one other little fix we need to add in.
You'll notice that we're now getting an error up here.
You might recall that in order to declare a global function, we had to add in this little bit of typescript
up here.
So previously we had the signing function.
We are going to make our request inside of that thing to sign up and all that whatnot.
And so we had to make sure that we were saying that this thing was going to be a promise.
That is no longer the case.
We are now just returning a string.
So we can go down to just that like so.
Now, one little gotcha here when we are returning this string.
Right here.
That definitely looks correct to us.
And it definitely seems to match up with what we have in Cookie right here.
Well, unfortunately, the expectation when we're using super test is that we include all of our different
cookies in an array.
And so just to make a super test really happy, we really have to put that into an array like so.
And if we're going to do that, then we need to make sure we also update the type annotation up here
to returning a array of strings.
And now my air should be all gone.
As a gun.
Nope, it's not.
It looks like.
Oh, I left the async keyword on there.
My mistake.
That's better.
Take off that async keyword as soon as async is on typescript things that we're returning a promise
here.
We technically are returning a promise.
We just have to take it off.
Okay, so that's it.
Let's go ahead and test this thing out.
So we're going to go back over to our new test file.
We're going to find the little test right here.
We were making sure that we did not get a 401.
If we were signed in.
So we need to make sure that before we make this request, we attached a cookie that's going to prove
that we are authenticated.
So right after post, remember, we set a cookie by calling set.
Cookie.
And then inside of here we can call sign in and it's actually global sign in because we're trying to
refer to a global variable.
All right, big test.
Let's save this.
Let back over a it's passing awesome.
Just to make sure it really is passing.
Let's do a console.log in this test of response status.
I'll save this.
Flip back over and I'll see.
Yeah, we definitely got through that kind of authentication wall, so that's pretty much it.
Well, that's definitely worked out.
Let's take a pause right here, and we will move on to our remaining tests in the next video.